= rss-client:  Fetching and parsing RSS feeds with easy

== Download

The latest version of rss-client can be found at

* http://github.com/zh/rssclient/


== Installation

=== Normal Installation

You can install rss-client with the following command.

  % rake install

from its distribution directory.

=== GEM Installation

Download and install  rss-client with the following.

   gem install --remote rss-client


== Synopsis 

   Fetching RSS feeds.


== Examples

   rssclient -q http://example.com/atom.xml
   rssclient -r -f http://test:test@example.com/atom.xml
   rssclient --verbose http://example.com/atom.xml
   rssclient --giveup 20 -f http://example.com/atom.xml
   rssclient --since 600 http://example.com/atom.xml
   rssclient -f -p http://aa:bb@localhost:8088 http://example.com/atom.xml


== Usage 

   rssclient [options] feed_url

=== Options

  -h, --help          Displays help message
  -V, --version       Display the version, then exit
  -q, --quiet         Output as little as possible, overrides verbose
  -v, --verbose       Verbose output
  -p, --proxy         Use proxy (format http://user:pass@address:port )
  -r, --raw           Use raw RSS fetch (no error code processing)
  -g, --giveup        Giveup on fetching after timeout (seconds)
  -f, --force         Force fresh feed fetch (no 304 code processing)
  -s, --since         Only changes from {since} seconds ago


== Credits

[<b>Hiroshi Nakamura</b>] For the http-access2 library.

[<b>Todd Werth</b>] For the ruby command-line application skeleton


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Author::   Stoyan Zhekov <zh@zhware.net> 
Requires:: Ruby 1.8.0 or later
License::  Copyright (c) 2010 Stoyan Zhekov.
           Released under an MIT-style license.
           See LICENSE for details.
